UNGUI(1)                                                              UNGUI(1)



NAME
       UnGUI - Unix Concepts GUI


SYNOPSIS
       ungui

DESCRIPTION
       UnGUI is a graphical user interface which attempts to make visual a few
       of the concepts behind a command-line interface, such  as  found  on  a
       POSIX-compatible  Operating  System.   When combined with an X11 window
       manager, it can be the basis for a desktop environment.


USE
       UnGUI has a two types of windows in addition to the main toolbar.   The
       main  toolbar  allows  users  to add Program and Data windows.  Program
       windows specify programs which can be run  as  explained  below.   Data
       windows allow the user to edit, display, and save text.

       Data  windows  and  Program  windows  can  be linked together (formally
       `piped' in Unix) by pressing the Connect buttons on each in an  ordered
       sequence.   This  can be repeated to link three or more items.  Linking
       has the effect of sending data to or from a window of any  type.   Pro-
       gram  windows  run  the specified program on the data sent when the Run
       button is clicked.  When this happens, Data  windows  display  incoming
       data and, if there is a link onwards, send it on.


STORY
       As computers moved into the home, user interface design adapted, cater-
       ing first to the management, and then to those who wished the  computer
       were a secretary.

       Computers  finally  became  a  household  appliance which no one really
       understands; intentionally obfuscated.  People who wish  to  understand
       are  left pining for the computers of the 1960's; long before recollec-
       tion, or even birth.

       What are the options?  A command line often comes in handy; though  the
       learning  curve  is  steep.   Or succumb to a household appliance which
       externalizes its possible functionalities;  always  imposing  upon  you
       what you can and cannot do.

       This program is UnGUI, a graphical frontend to a Unix environment which
       allows programs' inputs and outputs to be piped together  and  used  in
       ways  similar  to the shell, except with a higher emphasis on graphical
       interface concepts in the design of the software.


HELPING OUT
       If you find a bug, please feel free to try fixing  it  yourself.   Your
       publicly  announced  changes  may  be  incorporated  upstream, with due
       credit.


AUTHORS
       Eli Cohen



                                  13 Feb 2012                         UNGUI(1)
